docs(a2a): document per-context conversation isolation (#2699)
strands-agents/sdk-python: site/src/content/docs/user-guide/concepts/multi-agent/agent-to-agent.mdx

The server serves the agent card at `/.well-known/agent-card.json` and handles JSON-RPC requests at the root path. Streaming is supported by default.

### Conversation Isolation

The A2A protocol identifies each conversation with a `context_id`. The server isolates conversation state per `context_id` so that callers in different contexts never read or influence each other's history. Two modes control how that isolation works.

The recommended mode is `agent_factory`. You provide a callable that takes a `context_id` and returns a fresh agent.

> The server builds a dedicated agent the first time it sees a `context_id`, gives it its own lock, and reuses it for later requests in that context. Different contexts run concurrently because each owns an independent agent.

Reviewer: I don't know if we want to call it context, but conversation, but I'd suggest updating to something liek this:

```suggestion
The recommended mode is `agent_factory` - you provide a callable that takes a `context_id` and returns a dedicated agent for each conversation, reusingit for later requests in that context. This enables different conversations to run concurrently because each owns an independent agent.
```

The lock callout specifically doesn't provide any useful info to users IMHO

    )

a2a_server = A2AServer(agent_factory=create_agent)
a2a_server.serve()
```

</Tab>
<Tab label="TypeScript">

```typescript
import { Agent } from '@strands-agents/sdk'
import { A2AExpressServer } from '@strands-agents/sdk/a2a/express'

--8<-- "user-guide/concepts/multi-agent/agent-to-agent.ts:factory_server"
```

</Tab>
</Tabs>

The server retains at most `max_contexts` contexts at once (default 1000). When that cap is exceeded, the server evicts the least recently used context, and a later request that reuses the evicted `context_id` starts a fresh conversation. Tune this cap to bound memory in long running servers.

:::caution[`context_id` is not an authentication boundary]
Contexts are keyed on the client supplied `context_id`. A caller who knows another caller's `context_id` can attach to that conversation. Multi-tenant deployments must enforce authenticated identity at the transport or gateway layer.
:::

Passing a single `agent` instead of an `agent_factory` is deprecated. In that mode the server reuses one agent across every context, swapping each context's saved state on and off the shared instance under a lock. This serializes all requests.

> A single `agent` with a configured `session_manager` is rejected, because the session manager would persist every context into one interleaved session. Prefer `agent_factory` for any deployment that serves more than one conversation.

Reviewer: We should put this in a warning as well IMHO
